hey guys it's Ashley you're probably
like wondering what am I dressed in well
it's just like a basic outfit it's not
something I would normally wear at all
that's just like something I kind of
throw together because I going into a
photoshoot soon and yeah so I'm really
excited it's for a photo shoot is for my
new swimwear or not swimwear but my
summer collection that's coming out and
I need to get like a photo done for it
mmm my outfit is just like really weird
it's like really blue and sparkly and um
she's got these red glass that like
totally don't even match it like
anything and I just got my hair back
because it's just like never before with
this to all me and I'm looking forward
to it just you know I didn't want to get
all glammed up because I knew if I did
it probably all raced because they take
my makeup off like all the time because
I have to get like my makeup free put on
and it's like oh there's no point
putting makeup on so it's just like go
crappy and then I as soon as they get
their site no they fix my hair
straighten it curl it or whatever I want
to do and then you know so I feel like
there's no point in getting dressed
anymore when they're gonna take it all
off I can do that way and somewhere in
bare feet basically and yeah some really
excited to start this photo shoot where
I'd be filming all day for this thank
you for watching and this is ashley as
webisodes episode 1 stay tuned hey guys
it's me we're at the beach right now now
it's like really windy out it's like
really cool beautiful see
it's really awesome so at the photo
shoot let's take a picture work it hold
it got it
Ashley turn for me out good yeah yeah
face the Sun face the Sun beautiful keep
looking in the Sun keep looking it's
stunning
keep looking
wait the Sun is my eyes so sorry up
snapaka it looks serious I'm look
serious kind of cool it's like I'm naked
oh sure I'm really completely naked oh
my gosh thank you guys for watching
please subscribe give me a thumbs up and
also comment I say some it comment rate
and subscribe there
hey ash why don't you get down that hole
no don't think so that no you're crazy l
know l doesn't know it's being deep no